What? What are y'all doing? Then the little coat
thought that the dog Spot might be his friend, but
Spot saw another dog and ran to join him. Now you
haven't been to school but a few years,
kindergarten, head start, first grade and so on
and so forth. I know that you've had all kinds and
all different teachers. Have you ever had an old
teacher? Yes, but not as one as old as you. Let's
see, I had one in the first grade and the second
grade that were pretty old. But none of them as old
as you. Well, what's different with me than the
teachers you have now? If you do something wrong,
they'll fuss at you and keep on it. and then they'll
show you what's right. But you, when you do
something wrong, you just tell them the word and
you keep on going. You don't fuss at them. Well, do
you think fussing helps any? No. I don't either.
But if you show a little boy two different words,
and they're little words, little words make big
words when they're put together, don't they? Yes.
All right, didn't we pick out the little words so
you could see them? Yes. Did that help you? Yes. And
what do we call that? What did I say we did? We
attacked it. It attacked it. And we hit it from
every side, didn't we? Yes. We started at the
front, and we picked out a little word. We came over
here at the back and got a little word, and we got in
the middle to see if we could find a little word. And
then what did we do? We read the whole thing. We
added them together, didn't we? And we got
arithmetic lesson in that, didn't we? Sure did. We
don't teach arithmetic by itself, do we? No. We
teach it with our reading. Mm-hmm. We teach our
science with our reading. Yeah. We teach
everything together, don't we? That's right. And
how long have you worked with this that we didn't
even get up and stop? Two days. Two days is right,
but we worked how many hours, you reckon? We
haven't even stopped. One or two hours. We worked
two flat hours that we didn't even stop one time.
Thank you. You're welcome. What do you think about
this sign up here? Old teachers never die. They
just grade away. What do you think about that? I
think that's neat. Thank you.